# Hardware-Miniproject-

While putting together our project, we initially started by taking the Raspberry PI out of the kit and setting it up. After attaching the needed heat syncs, and accesories to make it capable of being controlled including a keyboard, monitor, mouse, and ethernet. Then we bagan the main setup of the Raspberry PI We installed the PI OS into a micro usb we bought off amazon using a micro usb to usb adapter. Setup in this regard was fairly easy. We had to change the default password after reading the notification that hackers actively watched the BU network looking for new Raspberry Pi's and other unsecured systems and quickly reformatted the password to something sufficently complex. We then began the process of installing python and the neccesary libraries in the PI.

In the process of setting up the Pi, we ran into difficulties regarding libraries that were needed however we were able to figure out which were missing and install them. To generate the data we ran the code wifi_scan.py. wifi_scan.py scans for wifi signals a set number of times and saves the data in json format to a file. We were unware that plotting our data, which was retrieved in the lab by the highway, was not possible on the Pi, and had to first be transferred to a laptop. We noticed this after the date format kept returning date errors and after we could not figure out why we checked the Github. We realized this was due to the fact the code was not linux friendly. Once this was done however we downloaded the neccessary python libraries to our personal laptop and ran wifi_plot.py from there. At this point the code ran correctly due to being on a windows syatem and getting out graph was fairly easy. A photo is attached below.

(https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66184885/133822747-673e6b29-9a74-43f8-8111-e199292c1817.png)
